They have been relocated to the main Hawaiian island chain by NOAA fisheries over the past thirty years, and some have found homes on Ni ihau.
Pinheiro and Bates (2000) The naive assumptions could give significance probabilities (p-values) that are far too large on average in some cases and far too small in other.
" Hail, Columbia " served this purpose at official functions for most of the 19th century.
However, the film's soundtrack was an EP and not a full-length LP album.
After releasing its atmospheric probe on 13 July 1995, the Galileo orbiter became the first man-made satellite of Jupiter at 00:27 UT on 8 December 1995 when it fired its main engine to enter a 198-day parking orbit.
Research Clinical Center – Building 10 NIH devotes 10% of its funding to research within its own facilities (intramural research).
But his practice of conferring knighthoods could in time enable Essex to challenge the powerful factions at Cecil's command.
Cycling sprints are often highly tactical, with cyclists occasionally coming to a near halt at points before reaching a high speed finish.
G. M. Ditchfield, The Evangelical Revival (Routledge, 1998), p. 91. a key result was the main Presbyterian church was in the hands of the Moderate faction, which provided critical support for the Enlightenment in the cities.
Expanded Universe After his discharge, Heinlein attended a few weeks of graduate classes in mathematics and physics at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), but he soon quit either because of his health or from a desire to enter politics.
Osaka Science Museum is in a five storied building next to the National Museum of Art, with a planetarium and an OMNIMAX theatre.
The largest and most notable casinos and buildings are located there.
Bayard, as the sole representative from Delaware, changed his vote from Burr to no selection.
Habib Thameur garden in Tunis has a central pond and flower beds.
In 1796, mathematician Pierre-Simon Laplace promoted the same idea in the first and second editions of his book Exposition du système du Monde (it was removed from later editions). citation citation He justified his argument mathematically in 1799.
Although absolute truth is not epistemologically accessible, it does exist, independent of our ability (or, in this case, inability) to perceive it or to describe it.
When the use of performance-enhancing drugs became an issue, the gap between the sports media and the players whom they covered widened further.
I would be astonished if, in the next 100 or 200 years, society did not come round to the view that they would have to try to improve the next generation in some extent or one way or another."
In addition to appearing in mainstream magazines, gravure idols often release their own professional photobooks and DVDs for their fans.
Ten vol. scholarly edition of the complete correspondence to and from Polk.
Varying jurisdictions Police forces are usually organized and funded by some level of government.
Their combined land area is convert.
Nonetheless, a number of ancient structures has survived: castles, churches, and stately homes, often unique in the regional or European context.
The coldest month of the year is January, when the average temperature is convert, and record low of convert.
Differential diagnosis There are more serious conditions that can present with a red eye such as infectious keratitis, angle closure glaucoma, or iritis.
Meanwhile, a new religious figure called "The Preacher" has risen in the desert, railing against the religious government's injustices and the changes among the Fremen.
Spent is often mixed in industrial mills with pure nutmeg to facilitate the milling process, as nutmeg is not easy to mill due to the high percentage of oil in the pure seed.
Typically, a player faces the basket with both feet facing the basket.
The list of known flavoring agents includes thousands of molecular compounds, and the flavor chemist (flavorist) can often mix these together to produce many of the common flavors.
Meanwhile, the music of Verdi can still evoke a range of cultural and political resonances.
Recently discovered funeral mounds in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity.
Sexual and other offences against them were penalised heavily.
However, in sponges these genes are only activated in "flask cells" that appear only in larvae and may provide some sensory capability while the larvae are swimming.
Private telecommunication operators initially acquired concession agreements with state enterprises.
The top element, a dark blue sky, contains 22 stars representing the original 22 entities that have come together to form the department.
Formal Semantics and Analysis Methods for Simulink Stateflow Models.
Warden, P.G., "The Domus Aurea Reconsidered," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 40 (1981) pp. 271–278.
Concentrations of scheduled prescription drugs in blood of impaired drivers: considerations for interpreting the results.
Williams maintained that because the subject of inoculation could not be found in the Bible, it was not the will of God, and therefore "unlawful."
Overall, the percent of crypts deficient for CCOI is less than 1% before age 40, but then increases linearly with age.
Similar developments can be verified in the service sector.
According to Raymond, hackers from the programmer subculture usually work openly and use their real name, while computer security hackers prefer secretive groups and identity-concealing aliases.
Thereafter, Liberty championed egoism although its general content did not change significantly."
" A recent newspaper article questioned the credibility of estimates by Professor Kevin Bales and others which give an estimate of 27 million slaves, or others who give an estimate of 100 million slaves."
The only means of survival seemed to Najibullah was to retain the Soviet presence.
This denied Kenyans the opportunity to progress economically – relegating most of them to poverty and creating conditions that would lead to dependency on foreign aid.
If Tsushima influenced his thinking, it was to persuade him of the need to standardise on convert guns.
His men paid heavily for the poorly coordinated assault.
After the Columbia disaster, the International Space Station operated on a skeleton crew of two for more than two years and was serviced primarily by Russian spacecraft.
If the program fails to compile or execute, the supporting environment likely has a configuration problem.
The most recent significant migrations came as a result of the Croatian War of Independence when hundreds of thousands were displaced.
People are most likely to vomit as they become unconscious, and as they wake up.
Both partners may opt be tested for STIs before engaging in sex. citation There may also be an increased risk of contracting a STI when having sex with multiple partners.
Wright, p. 39 He became fascinated by the scope of the Mission and soon set to work on rebuilding it a section at a time.
Linen fabric has been used for table coverings, bed coverings and clothing for centuries.
They saw extensive use during the Naderian Wars A lifesize model of a Swedish 1850s horse artillery team towing a light artillery piece at full gallop on display at the Army Museum in Stockholm, Sweden.
We started playing in the period because I had found appropriate miniatures.
In effect, acquisition of colors can be relatively poor if they have special, often very "jagged", spectra caused for example by unusual lighting of the photographed scene.
After the people are happily fed, the cook realizes what has happened and pleads with the King to let him boil the Storyteller in oil, but the King instead offers a way out — to tell him a story every day for a year instead.
However, from 1150 onward, a small but increasing number of men became experts in canon law but only in furtherance of other occupational goals, such as serving the Roman Catholic Church as priests.
One commercial in this series had Enfield as a yokel refusing a Dime bar—smooth on the outside, crunchy on the inside—because he preferred armadillos —smooth on the inside, crunchy on the outside.
Black women were in a particularly vulnerable situation.
"Powell: Support for Obama doesn't mean Iraq war wrong", CNN (October 19, 2008).
Over the course of three days, 34 people were killed, of whom 25 were African American, and approximately 600 were injured, 75% black people.
Ibrahim Riziq Marzuq Omar 15, of Shati refugee camp, Gaza, killed by IDF gunfire to his chest during a demonstration at the Karni checkpoint.
Since April 2014, the Vigilant and Viking fleets have been grounded due to air-worthiness issues.
Mutiny on the Bounty nearly capsized MGM and, while the project had indeed been hampered with delays other than Brando's behavior, the accusations would dog the actor for years as studios began to fear Brando's difficult reputation.
It was essential, if popular dance was to flourish, for dancers to have some basic movements they could confidently perform with any partner they might meet.
When the show returned for a second season in Fall 1979 (its first full season), with a few further minor tweaks, the show quickly found its footing as a family-friendly comedy-adventure series.
The principles expounded by this panel have come to be known as the M'Naghten Rules, though they have gained any status only by usage in the common law and M'Naghten himself would have been found guilty if they had been applied at his trial.
Hine-kōrako was a female taniwha who married a human man, and Pānia was a woman from the sea who married a human and gave birth to a taniwha (Orbell 1998:150).
It is now popular around the world.
In Chinese Buddhist iconography, Guanyin is often depicted as meditating or sitting alongside one of the Buddhas and usually accompanied by another bodhisattva.
The presence of interfering signals should be corrected rather than masked.
In each of the hundreds of states that eventually arose, local strongmen held most of the political power and continued their subservience to the Zhou kings in name only.
A more recent acronym is "Can't Use New Technology" which is thought to originate from IT staff.
It is a major supplier of diamonds.
Binoche was released from the film six weeks into the shoot due to differences with Berri regarding the authenticity of his script. citation Binoche has described this event as being like "an earthquake" to her.
Advertising promoted the system as a paradigm shift from past consoles; some pieces used cavemen to indicate a historical evolution, while others utilized psychedelic imagery.
Altaira is frustrated, but designs a new, more conservative dress to please Adams.
In 1913, the Saskatchewan Stock Growers Association was established as Saskatchewan's first ranchers' organization.
Each of the hours of the office is composed of the same elements, and something must be said now of the nature of these constituent parts, of which mention has here and there been already made.
To preserve apostolic succession the rite of consecrating him a bishop had to be performed by someone who was already a bishop.
Although these chunks were considered to be too large by many programmers, the scheme would later allow third party RAM upgrades of up to 2 MB ( 256 × 8 kB ).
Factors Battles are decided by various factors.
In macroeconomics it is reflected in an early and lasting neoclassical synthesis with Keynesian macroeconomics.
He recognized that spermatozoa were produced by the testes and was the first to identify the prostate gland.
Most of the villagers were strongly against Rasputin's returning to Petrograd.
This Commission has two capacities: it is a decentralised administrative public body, responsible for implementing cultural policies of common interest.
Curvature of the horizon amboxcheck The curvature of the horizon is easily seen in this photograph, taken from a space shuttle at an altitude of 226 km in 2008.
However, Piye was defeated by Sargon II and the rebellion failed.
Helicopters Externally, frequent passenger flights to Macau are scheduled daily.
In late April 2011, silver reached an all-time high of $49.76/ozt.
"Nilo-Saharan revisited: some observations concerning the best etymologies".
Furthermore, Cordelia's exceptionalism is based on 'real' material privilege rather than supernatural power.
Often, these accusations helped characterize indigenous peoples as "uncivilized" and "primitive".
They also stated that the album started a "much more mainstream and less bombastic" direction in Tyler's career.
She then decided to take a break from superheroics and enrolled in college after she made Cable promise he would not tell anyone she was back.
Sometimes just one, when others need two or three."
The Nostell example, in the billiards room of this stately home, has a Victorian outer case, which has been thoughtfully provided with small glass windows on each side of the movement so that the wooden workings may be inspected.
Defensive back Darrien Gordon was also a major asset to the team, recording 4 interceptions and 32 return yards, while also adding another 475 yards and 2 touchdowns returning punts.
On 16 April 2012, President Barack Obama announced that Jim Yong Kim would be the next President of the World Bank Group.
This is difficult to specify and document, and prohibits any automatic type checking at all, except for file errors at run time.
Biographer Jeffry D. Wert wrote, "Longstreet deserves censure for his performance on the morning of July 2. He allowed his disagreement with Lee's decision to affect his conduct.
He was proficient in sleight of hand, and he taught Jean how to juggle to coordinate his eye and hand.
Molitor served as a coach for the Seattle Mariners and the Twins after his retirement as a player.
The required exposure time was measured in minutes instead of hours.
Today it has been superseded in the English part of the United Kingdom by Halsbury's Laws of England that covers both common and statutory English law.
The spandex environmental suits Koenig and Winfield wore were unventilated, and the actors had to signal by microphone when they needed air.
Its composition varies widely because of isomorphous replacement (solid solution), and its general formula can be written as XY 3 Z 6 (T 6 O 18 )(BO 3 ) 3 V 3 W, where: Hawthorne, F.C. & Henry, D.J. (1999).
Pfeiffer was given $20,000 USD to start up Compaq Europe He started up Compaq's first overseas office in Munich in 1984.
I had to use that, somehow.
However, financial problems with the defense budget prevented the substantial funds from being allocated, and the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty of 1968 was seen as a valid alternative.
Fish from the Baltic Sea is another potential export resource.
They advocated long-term therapy aimed at resolving the unconscious childhood conflicts that they considered responsible for homosexuality.
Stephanie Meece, for example, argues that it is more likely a painting of a leopard skin instead of a volcano, and a decorative geometric design instead of a map.
Starting in the 1880s, private schools opened across the country which offered specialized technical training to anyone who enrolled, not just the employees of one company.
NASA solar eclipse web page.
Body lice is an indicator of clothes-wearing, since most humans have sparse body hair, and lice thus require human clothing to survive.
Once more common, white tie dress code is now fairly rare, being reserved for only extremely formal occasions. citation Black tie is traditionally worn only after six o'clock in the evening, or after sundown during winter months.
One of the key investigators hypothesized that repeated drops in oxygen lead to the brain injury. citation Central sleep apnea main Screenshot of a PSG system showing a central apnea.
All these troops wore distinctive uniform insignia and considered themselves among the elite of the French Army.
So a companion would say, "I heard the Prophet say such and such."
Africa's recovery in the 1990s: from stagnation and adjustment to human development (St.
The engineers involved had already agreed to move to the US when the test firings were complete.
Since 1980, the Church of England has remembered More liturgically as a Reformation martyr. citation The Soviet Union honoured him for the ' Communistic ' attitude toward property rights expressed in Utopia.
Powerful women both wisely and unwisely wielded power at various occasions.
Otherwise, they appear parasitically around conductors which absorb EMR, and around antennas which have the purpose of generating EMR at greater distances.
Wills and the Texas Playboys played dances throughout the West to more than 10,000 people every week.
Mexico's vast coastline faces a different, but no less difficult, series of environmental problems.
Brown has pointed out that research into Palestinian textbooks conducted by the Centre for Monitoring the Impact of Peace in 1998 is misleading, because it evaluates the old books; and in 2000, its research mixed old and new books.
After tickets to the event sold out in just one day, ABC Classic FM and Opera Australia announced the radio station would live broadcast the Ring Cycle to audiences across the country.
Success depended on taking advantage of the paralysing effect of the bombing.
In the Smallville episode "Run", Flash is not only able to run faster than a pre-Superman Clark Kent but can match Clark's top speed while running backwards.
Narration styles ; Voice-over narrator The traditional style for narration is to have a dedicated narrator read a script which is dubbed onto the audio track.
This type of wall uses much less material than a traditional gravity wall.
The liquid sugar is put into coolers for about 14 hours.
Colourants, usually metal oxides and carbonates, are added singly or in combination to achieve a desired colour.
Phyllis begins wondering at her younger self, who worked so hard to become the socialite that Ben needed.
You, sir, were 100% right.
Manifesto II recognizes the following groups to be part of their naturalistic philosophy: "scientific", "ethical", "democratic", "religious", and "Marxist" humanism.
He retired from his company in 1890 and died in 1892 in Berlin.
In 1929, the University of California established the San Francisco Airdrome located near the current Webster Street tube as a public airport.
The city has expanded to such an extent that by 1990 it covered most of the department.
Less than 10% of the nation's liberal arts colleges qualify academically for a PBK chapter.
The fuel system was particularly troublesome, as leaks incurred during hard landings easily caused fires and explosions.
The lowest floor is filled with earth, possibly taken from the earlier motte that may have been present on the site, and is further protected by a sloping stone plinth around the base.
In 1335, King Casimir III of Poland (Kazimierz in Polish) declared the two western suburbs to be a new city named after him, Kazimierz (Casimiria in Latin).
Legge argued that Richard's "greatness of soul" was eventually "warped and dwarfed" by the ingratitude of others.
Common Lisp citation provides a Loop macro which implements such a sublanguage.
At this point, James belatedly landed in Scotland, but was advised that the cause was hopeless.
Shafer, Mike. supra at 125. Previously, individual U.S. states made those judgments, and the reform that came about with the Transportation Act of 1958 was intended to streamline the process.
HFS does not use styrofoam containers for any of its facilities on campus, instead using compostable cups, plates, utensils, and packaging whenever possible.
She explained that, because of Tolkien's letter, everything had changed.
Though epidemic typhus is commonly thought to be restricted to areas of the developing world, serological examination of homeless persons in Houston found evidence for exposure to the bacterial pathogens that cause epidemic typhus and murine typhus.
; November 1993: HTML+ was published by the IETF as an Internet Draft and was a competing proposal to the Hypertext Markup Language draft.
The team failed to make the playoffs for the first time in 12 seasons.
The ILLIAC had up to 128 parallel processors while the B6700 & B7700 only accommodated a total of 7 CPUs and/or IO units (the 8th unit was the memory tester).
Alloys of lead and tin were universally used in the past, and are still available; they are particularly convenient for hand-soldering.
"His longest flight, however, was only 60 meters at 3–4 meters altitude."
The term does not generally encompass the specific destruction of images of a ruler after his death or overthrow ( damnatio memoriae ).
Other Philippine languages, including various Visayan languages are also used, especially in radio due to its ability to reach remote rural locations that might otherwise not be serviced by other kinds of media.
The middle steady-state is unstable, while the other two states are stable.
Thanks to ongoing pest control, the adult kiwi population at Tongariro has almost doubled since 1998.
Havrilesky found the character-specific jokes and situations "could reliably make you laugh out loud a few times each episode", and the quality of writing allowed the stories to be "original and innovative."
In the exercise of this power, they were regulated solely by their own views of duty, and were not responsible to any other power in the state.
Writing that he had been considering psychiatric brain surgery previously, he informed Moniz that, "having your authority I expect to go ahead".
The escort staff are students hired on a part-time basis.
Avellaneda had referred to Cervantes as an "old and one-handed" man.
His father died in 1460.
More recently Madrid has sought closer relation with Senegal, Mauritania, Mali and others to find solutions for the issue of illegal immigration to the Canary Islands.
The mechanical governor was, however, still employed in some toy phonographs (such as those found in talking dolls) until they were replaced by digital sound generators in the late 20th century.
They also evaluate local planning applications and work with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic.
Susanna's secret is that she smokes.
Result Hybridization of the probe to a specific DNA fragment on the filter membrane indicates that this fragment contains DNA sequence that is complementary to the probe.
An Arabic edition of the children's magazine was launched in Egypt in early 2007, and more than 42,000 copies are distributed to all the public schools in Egypt, in addition to another 15,000 single copy sales.
An Appeal Court verdict upon a long-standing criminal charge of slander may jail him.
The table below shows the average temperatures for the islands by month.
The town was originally known in Welsh as Abermynwy ("mouth of the Monnow"), replaced by Trefynwy ("Monnow town" – the initial m of Mynwy mutating in Welsh to f pronounced /v/) by the 1600s.
Controversy seeAlso Ethics Even before the first nuclear weapons had been developed, scientists involved with the Manhattan Project were divided over the use of the weapon.
In many cases of selenium poisoning, selenous acid is formed in the body. citation Hydrogen selenide (H 2 Se) is highly toxic.
Even as a kid, the irony of it hit me: here we were in the capital in the land of freedom and equality, and they had to destroy the plates that had touched the forks that had been in the mouths of black men.
Hmong Studies Journal, 7:1–33.
Fanconi syndrome usually presents between 4 and 8 years of age, but sometimes as early as 3 years or as late as 10 years.
British and German wounded, Bernafay Wood, 19 July 1916.
In the spring of 1794, both extremist enragés such as Hébert and moderate Montagnard indulgents such as Danton were charged with counter-revolutionary activities, tried and guillotined.
In this way, small changes in the integer can be readily affected through mutations or crossovers.
He was joined by Tony Robinson as Baldrick.
The probability of a false positive is the probability of randomly guessing correctly all 25 times.
The states generally taxed residents on all of their income, including income earned in other states, as well as income of nonresidents earned in the state.
Non-cognitivism is another form of moral anti-realism.
Glyph confusion Example of a nineteenth-century font using S-shaped capital Stigma (first row) and G-shaped capital Koppa (second row).
Long-period comets have orbits lasting thousands of years.
He handled all budget matters without legislative sanction and filled legislative vacancies without calling elections.
The representation of the Orient has continued in film, although this representation does not necessarily have any truth to it.
Two more plays followed before he succeeded in finding a publisher for Happy Valley.
Under this decision, the King agreed to retain many of the divisive customs which had been the norm in 1614, but which were intolerable to a Third Estate buoyed by the recent proclamations of equality.
Thinking of revenge, Nessus gives Deianira his blood-soaked tunic before he dies, telling her it will "excite the love of her husband".
The 1232 document marked the first time that the German dukes were called domini terræ, owners of their lands, a remarkable change in terminology as well.
Some ascribe the writership date as circa 81–96 AD, and others at around 68 AD.
Schrecker (1998), p. 225. Among other purposes, the FBI used its illegally obtained information to alert prosecuting attorneys about the planned legal strategies of NLG defense lawyers.
In 1995 Rosa was awarded the Eisner Award for "Best Serialized Story" for The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.
After the band's break-up in 1970, he released several successful singles including the US number four hit " It Don't Come Easy ", and number ones " Photograph" and " You're Sixteen ".
In the simplest, the color value of the object at the point of intersection becomes the value of that pixel.
The name "Éire" has been used on Irish postage stamps since 1922; citation on all Irish coinage (including Irish euro coins ); and together with "Ireland" on passports and other official state documents issued since 1937.
Not for the first time, Mr. Brando gives us a heavy-lidded, adenoidally openmouthed caricature of the inarticulate, stalwart loner."
This is done in human readable specifications (also called Message Implementation Guidelines).
However, comet scientists were wary – comets can be extremely unpredictable, and many have large outbursts at great distance only to diminish in brightness later.
During an encore, Temple of the Dog reunited for the first time since Pearl Jam's show at the Santa Barbara Bowl on October 28, 2003.
Psychoactive drugs can impair the judgment of time.
Moseley's Law justified many concepts in chemistry by sorting the chemical elements of the periodic table of the elements in a logical order based on their physics.
It included five hymns he translated from German. citation Wesley's "Aldersgate experience" A memorial plaque commemorating the place of John Wesley's "Aldersgate experience".
The description the judge (Mr Justice Caulfield) gave of Mrs Archer in his jury instructions included: "Remember Mary Archer in the witness-box.
I started out by changing local currency into foreign currency everywhere I travelled as a child and ended up making money.
Therefore, burial and cremation have always been prohibited in Parsi culture.
What they contained, how important they were for an understanding of literature before the Conquest, we have no means of knowing: the scant catalogues of monastic libraries do not help us, and there are no references in extant works to other compositions.
Nevertheless, this number is declining because young people leave the country towards the United States of America or Israel.
Beyond relations with the United States, the Commonwealth and the EU, the Conservative Party has generally supported a pro free-trade foreign policy within the mainstream of international affairs.
These measures removed important obstacles for the expansion of agricultural output, but did not solve the problem.
The most original part of their theory is the idea that what is expressed by a sentence, called a lekton, is something real; this corresponds to what is now called a proposition.
The term federalist describes several political beliefs around the world depending on context.
Soon after these first spacecraft, command systems were developed to allow remote control from the ground.
The Kremlin's surrogates in many areas have turned the Russian Orthodox Church into a de facto official religion, warding off other Christian denominations that seem to offer the most significant competition for worshipers.
Toscanini's younger colleague Tullio Serafin continued to present the work in Germany and Austria after Toscanini refused to perform there because of his loathing of the Nazi regime.
In 1958, a commission was constituted to select a suitable site for the national capital with particular emphasis on location, climate, logistics, and defence requirements along with other attributes.
Most leaders of the FRELIMO were trained in Moscow.
The researchers examined 29 sites that are commonly referenced to support the impact theory to determine if they can be geologically dated to around 13,000 calendar years ago.
Sebastian does his "Sodomy" number, while Heidi rampages over the entire set on a killing spree.
This portrait was Peter's gift to the King of England.
The central government executed tens of thousands of people while trying to extend its control throughout the country and sent many people to "re-education camps" where thousands died.
But Thomas Mann's books, in contrast to those of his brother Heinrich and his son Klaus, were not among those burnt publicly by Hitler's regime in May 1933, possibly since he had been the Nobel laureate in literature for 1929.
Due to Harrisburg's prominence as the state capital, federal offices for nearly every agency are located within the city.
After synthesis, hemicelluloses are transported to the plasma membrane via Golgi vesicles.
By reason, it is said, one reads and is able to interpret the Bible coherently and consistently.
The realist school claims that universals are real – they exist and are distinct from the particulars that instantiate them.
Decorations were limited to banners of black crepe hung from the high towers that framed the inner courtyard.
Consequently, an opportunity for negotiation between combatants is not uncommon, as proximity and fluctuating advantage can encourage diplomacy.
After a 20-mile trek in the dark, his exhausted men reached Dover on the morning of July 1, as the Battle of Gettysburg was commencing without them.
On 9 June 2011, the band released a new track called "Smile" for free download on their Soundcloud site. citation On 21 April 2012, Rock Dust Light Star, was released State-side after a 2-year delay, in a double vinyl LP/CD bundle.
After Johannes' death, she married Abraham Van Buren in 1776.
A Speaker-elect cannot take office until he or she has been approved by the Sovereign; the granting of the royal approbation, however, is a formality.
Just as Sally was passed over to me, the boat filled completely and capsized, flinging us all into the water.
The Beano is so popular that it had its own section of the Chessington World of Adventures theme park, "Beanoland".
In 1968, youths were mobilized to go to the countryside in the Down to the Countryside Movement so they may learn from the peasantry, and the departure of millions from the cities helped end the most violent phase of the Cultural Revolution.
Luke and Ben learn much about each other, about the Force, and about the great dangers threatening the Jedi.
It also provides "a variety of physical education and recreational programs" for members of the Princeton community.
The anvil would take nine more days to fall from earth to Tartarus.
That belongs solely to earthly rulers, who may also accuse the pope of crimes, if need be.
Skinner believed children do bad things because the behavior obtains attention that serves as a reinforcer.
In fiscal year (FY) 1987, about 90% of the total water demand in the kingdom was consumed by agriculture.
